You're a senior web designer and developer, with high skils in C# programming, software architecture and database design. 
The scenario of ths project is described below.
In the company, the employees can book their lunch from a sheet showing 3 menus : Menu 1, Menu 2 and Menu 3. Each menu changes every week. The sheet is split in 5 sections, one per day of the week. Each section refers to a specific day of the week (date). Each sections contains 3 rows, one per menu. For each section, there are un undefined number of columns. Each column represents an employee. The employe must select a week, choose one menu per day (or for each day of the week), then he writes his name on one column and writes a 'X' in the cell corresponding to his name and the choosen menu for the specified day. All the menus have the same price each day, but this price can change each day, or week, or month.
I would like you develop a web site named LunchOrganizer having two main pages : the booking lunch page and the administrative page. 
The booking lunch page allows each employee to select a week of the year and choose one menu per day. The number of menus can vary from week to week. Once selected a week, the page shows 3 Menus : Menu 1, Menu 2 and Menu 3. The user can add one or more menu to the selected week. It cannot delete existing menus if there are employees which have booked such a menu already. It cannot delete menus belongin to the past. The selected week cannot belong to the past, only the current week or the future ones. The employee must type his name and choose a menu. It can also select one menu for each day of the week, just to book the lunch for the whole week. Even though we don't care about the content of each menu, it is expected to have the possibility to enter a description of each menu per week. The web site must implement the additional features described below :
- each employee name must be stored in a database. When the employee start typing his name in the web page to book his menu, the web page itself should propose the auto completion of the text box, if there is some name already registered which looks similar to what he is typing
- each menu content must be saved in the database. as each menu content can vary from day to day, the database must link a date with one or more menus.
- each employee can select a menu for the current day and/or the remaining days of the current week. He cannot book a lunch for the days in the past.
- each employee can modify the choice of the menu for the current day within 9 o'clock in the morning, no more, or for the future days.
- when the employee types his name in the booking lunch page, he can see if a lunch is already booked for today. he can also access to a weekly view showing if a lunch has been already booked for all the days of the current week. He can, for sure, book or modify a lunch for today (if it is less than 9 o'clock in the morning) and for all the future days of the week. Each choice/modification must be submitted and stored into the database.
The administrative page allows the employee to type his name, select a start date and a stop date and see when he has booked a menu and which menu. In addition, each booked lunch must show its own price and the page should show the total fee for the selected period of time. This page allows also to access the list of registered employees. The user can add an employee or modify an existing one. The user can also delete a user only if it has never booke a lunch in the past.
Every working day, at 9 o'clock in the morning, an email containing a summary of the lunches booked for the current day must be automatically prepared and sent to an email address defined into a json configuration file.
The title of the email must be 'COHU booked lunch for ' today's date (better if this string 'COHU booked lunch for ' is saved into the json configuration file)
the body of the email contains the numbers of different menus booked for today. For each menu, the list of employees which booked these menus must be shown. Let me know if you need the email address of the sender, it will be stored into the configuration json file.
The destination is specified into the json configuration file as described above
I'll let you decide how to generate and sent this email.
The web site will be based on Blazor/ASP.net, the reference language is C#. You should structure the code by implementing the MVVM pattern using views, view models, services, repositories to access and manipulate the data.
you must prepare a detailed implementation plan to implement : 
- the backend (database structure, services and repositories to manipulate the data). The database will be a postgresql database. When executing the web application, if the database doesn't exist on the current machine yet, the web application must create it. The parameters for the connection to the database will be stored in a configuration json file. You'll ask me the details when you'll need to test it. I'll let you choose the name of the database.
- the frontend (web pages). as you're a senior web designer, I expect a modern, clear, user friendly and customizable GUI for the pages. Please don't use flashy colors. The blue color and its gradient are preferred.
- the agent which prepare and send the email programmatically every day at 9 o'clock.
you will activate a team of sonnet agent to implement the backend, the frontend and the email agent independently. I'll let you orchestrate the agents to synchronize their activities. The agent responsible of the backend must also write a script which allows to generate the database itself off line. This script must be generated only once the database structure has been validated. This script must be saved into the Scripts subrepo of the project folder. 
you can write/read/delete all the files in this repo without asking for authorization
you can use all authorized MCP
Try to minimize my interaction with you only for the most important questions or authorizations. The Bash commands not impacting the operating system are authorized
you can ask me every time there is something to be clarified.
Use the Docs subrepo of this folder to store all md files you generate (except claude.md)
you must be able to setup a debug environment on this laptop and let me know how to debug the web site with clear instructiones described in a md file stored in tge Docs subfolder.
you will never commit to git (this is under my responsibility)
you must save the implementation plan in the Docs subrepo of this folder one it is validated by me.
you must generate a summary file for each agent in the Docs subrepo of this folder, in which you will update the implementation steps for each of them during the implementation phase only when the intermediate steps have been validated. I want to have a detailed history of the differne tasks and their execution.
you must automatically execute a /compact when the context reaches the 50%. The /compact command can be executed only if all agents are in a validated intermediate state of their tasks.